
<strong>Article: The Setup-to-Fail Syndrome</strong><br>
<strong>Q:</strong>   In the example scenarios posited by the researchers, do you feel that either the bosses or subordinates acted out of ill-will? Who do you feel was most at fault? If it's difficult for you to choose, why? <br><br><strong>A:</strong>   I do not think the boss nor the subordinate acted out of ill will, yet from a leadership perspective, I think the boss would want to hold himself more accountable than the subordinate. I think exercising the desire to help your subordinates and/or colleagues succeed is a leadership trait, and had both boss and subordinate desired to exercise this trait in greater measure, the situation could’ve turned out much better.


<strong>Article: How do tech’s biggest companies compare on diversity?</strong><br>
<strong>Q:</strong>   Did any of these numbers surprise you? What do you think contributes to the disparity between these demographics' overall workforce share, and share of the tech workforce? <br><br> <strong>A:</strong>  These numbers don’t surprise me. Tech is primarily an industry dominated by Caucasian males, and I think this spawned from historical socioeconomic disparities in this country, but can now be attributed to the aforementioned as well as a lack of knowing what resources are available to learn about developing marketable skillsets in the Tech industry.

<strong>Q:</strong>    Are all groups represented in management the way they are in the general tech workforce? Who is under-represented? Over-represented? <br><br> <strong>A:</strong>   Average underrepresentation is most evident with women in tech on both the leadership and general industry side of things, with American Indian/Alaskan/native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander women being the most underrepresented overall. White males are the most overrepresented group. With the exception of White males, I think most other subgroups are proportionately represented.

<strong>Q:</strong>    Think back to previous jobs you've had or jobs you've aspired to have. Did you see people you identified with as leaders in those professions? Was that important to you? Why or why not? <br><br><strong>A:</strong>   I saw very few people that I identify with in leadership roles pretty much everywhere I’ve worked. The most important thing to me in a job role was 1) would I be able to learn something new and/or challenge myself in a way that would help me grow professionally, and 2) would I be able to get along with everyone and interact with others? Therefore, it wasn’t important to me to be around people “just like me”, but rather to be around people I could connect with.


<strong>Article: The Other Side of Diversity</strong><br>
<strong>Q:</strong>    Baker's essay focuses on the personal impact on being one of the few under-represented folks in tech who get through to the other end of the job pipeline. What was something that you found remarkable about her on-the-job experience? <br><br> <strong>A:</strong>   I thought it was interesting that the lack of gentlemanly behavior was pretty nonexistent. Even in my own work experiences I’ve noticed this in overall short supply.

<strong>Q:</strong>    How much should a new employee be expected to change to fit the mold of the industry or company they are entering? <br><br><strong>A:</strong>   The employee should be expected to adapt enough to contribute to the company vision and mission. Example: if someone works for a skateboarding shoe company and thinks the company should start selling snowshoes and/or begin producing/marketing products for winter sports, I wouldn’t expect this to be a change the company would be willing to make.<br>


<strong>Article: Is Blind Hiring The Best?</strong><br>
<strong>Q:</strong>    Do you think blind-hiring is a sufficient solution to addressing industry biases? (To see if you can you see even a small part of both sides, also describe some of the arguments against your answer) <br><br> <strong>A:</strong><br> For: I think the approach GapJumpers took is awesome, and should be more widely adopted in other industries as applicable.<br> Against: I can see that blind hiring is a great attempt to solve the problem, but I don’t think the problem is as much an “appearance” diversity problem as it is an ideological diversity problem. The bent towards hiring people that “look like the people hiring” stems from, I think, that when we observe others, we look for visual cues that would lead someone to believe that candidate thinks like us. Moreover, people attribute much of their identity towards the activities they engage in. I’ll conclude that though blind hiring is a good approach, it’s not the optimal approach.
